docs(readme): add repo migration FAQ sections (#2634)
ipfs/ipfs-desktop: README.md

Error fetching: exceeded number of retries. last error was http.DefaultClient.Do error: Get "https://ipfs.io/ipfs/QmYerugGRCZWA8yQMKDsd9daEVXUR3C5nuw3VXuX1mggHa/fs-repo-13-to-14/versions": dial tcp 199.16.156.40:443: i/o timeout
Fetching with IPFS: "fs-repo-13-to-14/versions"
Error fetching: context deadline exceeded
could not get latest version of migration fs-repo-13-to-14: 2 errors occurred:
	* exceeded number of retries. last error was http.DefaultClient.Do error: Get "https://ipfs.io/ipfs/QmYerugGRCZWA8yQMKDsd9daEVXUR3C5nuw3VXuX1mggHa/fs-repo-13-to-14/versions": dial tcp 199.16.156.40:443: i/o timeout
	*
```

You can update your Kubo config to try different sources of the migration files.

##### With IPFS-Desktop

1. Go to the Settings tab
2. Find "Migrations" in the config, and update the `DownloadSources` array to be `["IPFS", "https://dweb.link", "https://cloudflare-ipfs.com", "HTTP"]`

##### From the terminal

For this method, you have to have the `ipfs` binary available on your command line:

```bash
ipfs config --json Migration.DownloadSources '["IPFS", "https://dweb.link", "https://cloudflare-ipfs.com", "HTTP"]'
```

##### Manually in an editor (not recommended)

> You can also edit the config file (`~/.ipfs/config` or `C:\Users\Username\.ipfs\config`) manually. Just make sure the json file is valid when you finish.

Author: That actually points to ipfs-desktop config files; though it should be updated to point to ipfs config/repo dir

2. Make sure your firewall or antivirus is not blocking requests, such as P2P traffic;
3. Try again, by restarting IPFS Desktop.

### Error: Initializing daemon...

These errors pop up from [ipfsd-ctl](https://github.com/ipfs/js-ipfsd-ctl) when the Kubo daemon fails to start up. Below are some scenarios where you may run into this error.

#### Error: Your programs version (N) is lower than your repos (N+x).

This means you are attempting to run an older version of ipfs-desktop or Kubo than you have previously ran on your machine. Each Kubo version (which is included with ipfs-desktop) is tied to a specific IPFS repo version, which you can see at https://github.com/ipfs/fs-repo-migrations#when-should-i-migrate.

> The ideal solution is to ensure you're running the latest version of ipfs-desktop, as upward migrations happen automatically. However, if you need to run the older version that is emitting this error, you will need to run a migration in reverse, manually. You can see the official instructions at https://github.com/ipfs/fs-repo-migrations/blob/master/run.md, but here is another set of instructions:
> 
> 1. Visit https://dist.ipfs.tech/#fs-repo-migrations and click the "download fs-repo-migrations" button, or select the appropriate version for your platform.
> 1. extract the contents of the .tar.gz or .zip (your OS should be able to do this automatically) somewhere you can remember (such as ~/Downloads or c:/Users/myUserName/Downloads)
> 1. open up a shell/terminal window, and run the following command:
> 
> ##### Linux/macOS/unix-ish platforms
> 
> ```bash
> cp -r ~/.ipfs ~/.ipfs.bak # backup current .ipfs folder. The path may be different, see [repository](#how-does-ipfs-desktop-select-the-ipfs-repo-location).
> cd ~/Downloads
> ./fs-repo-migrations -revert-ok -to N # Where N is the current repo version
> ```
> 
> ##### Windows (powershell)
> 
> ```powershell
> cp -r ~/.ipfs ~/.ipfs.bak # backup current .ipfs folder. The path may be different, see [repository](#how-does-ipfs-desktop-select-the-ipfs-repo-location).
> cd C:\Users\myUserName\Downloads
> ./fs-repo-migrations.exe -revert-ok -to N # Where N is the current repo version
> 
> ```

Reviewer: I think this is a power user option, last resort for data recovery. 
If someone wants to do this, they don't need this level of hand-holding.
Maybe trim to a single paragraph?

```suggestion
The ideal solution is to ensure you're running the latest version of ipfs-desktop, as upward migrations happen automatically. However, if you need to run the older version that is emitting this error, you will need to run a migration in reverse, manually. You can follow the official instructions [here](https://github.com/ipfs/fs-repo-migrations/blob/master/run.md) but with additional parameters: `fs-repo-migrations -revert-ok -to N`. See `fs-repo-migrations --help` for more information.
```

Reviewer: Ack, thanks! Btw: if you want this to be useful to non-power users, you should include information how to disable autoupdate, otherwise the fix will be reverted on reboot.
